fortunately all of us grew up in the country that provides pretty much
free education up to the high school level and after high school education
can be incredibly expensive but there are a lot of different
ways to pay for it and their ways to get education on the cheek as
they say in California where I live now you can get a very good start
at a four year degree and junior colleges I community college city
colleges they're all go by different names but a two year schools and
the education there is just as good as it is at the big schools live
three daughters and all of them the one time or another took courses
at junior colleges generally during summer sessions and they'll
with two very good schools you seal a university of Chicago Emory David
UC Davis and the university of southern California all good schools
and yet they said the education they got in their summers at a
community colleges which justice challenging and justice will present
itself but there wide even ways for you to pay for an education you
just gotta go scattered out go don't just take what people say you
can do you know keep looking and talk to more people and make sure
you double check everything